I'm going to check it out today
See whose territory the list belongs to
Why are you here in July?
I'm afraid you can't handle it
Just come and see for yourself
As I expected
Xiaoda Fei has something to do
How dare you oppose the dead night
It seems that all these years
I'm too polite to your real park, right?
Someone flew Ah Fei's hands and feet to me
Apologize to Master Lin
Sister, it's not that I make trouble with Master Lin
This kid is too much
He called me wife.
He is your fiancee
What about Xiaohong?
Xiaohong is my adopted daughter
So where are you going to put it?
What!
Godfather
Ok don't worry
There is a godfather
I will get justice for you
In fact, I don't know what's good
That's why Ah Fei abandoned me
Still protecting him
Shut up and go
Ah Fei still depends on the master
Now Xiaohong is my ghost girl
If you disrespect him, you disrespect me
Come and open your mouth for Ah Fei
Xiaohong, I know I was wrong.
Godfather, let's talk about me and Ah Fei later
Seventh Master, just leave again
I will never stop
Ask the seventh master to open a trade route
Qingyong supported it for a while
Can you go out this door
It may not be possible to publish the state